Release v1.0.6 (#1431)
pingcap/tidb-operator: CHANGELOG.md

# TiDB Operator v1.0.6 Release Notes

## v1.0.6 What's New

> Action required: Users should migrate the configs in `values.yaml` of previous chart releases to the new `values.yaml` of the new chart. Otherwise, the monitor pods will be failed when upgrading monitor with the new chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Action required: Users should migrate the configs in `values.yaml` of previous chart releases to the new `values.yaml` of the new chart. Otherwise, the monitor pods might fail when you upgrade the monitor with the new chart.
```

> For example, configs in old `values.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, configs in the old `values.yaml` file:
```

```
monitor:
  ...
  initializer:
    image: pingcap/tidb-monitor-initializer:v3.0.5
    imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
  ...
```

> After migration, new `values.yaml` should be as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After migration, configs in the new `values.yaml` file should be as follows:
```

```
monitor:
  ...
  initializer:
    image: pingcap/tidb-monitor-initializer:v3.0.5
    imagePullPolicy: Always
    config:
      K8S_PROMETHEUS_URL: http://prometheus-k8s.monitoring.svc:9090
  ...
```

### Monitor

- Enable alert rule persistence ([#898](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/898))

> - Add node & pod info in tidb grafana ([#885](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/885))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add node & pod info in TiDB Grafana ([#885](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/885))
```

### TiDB Scheduler

> - Refine scheduler error message ([#1373](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1373))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refine scheduler error messages ([#1373](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1373))
```

### Compatibility

> - Fix compatibility issue in Kubernetes v1.17 ([#1241](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1241))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the compatibility issue in Kubernetes v1.17 ([#1241](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1241))
```

> - Bind clusterrole `system:kube-scheduler` to `tidb-scheduler` service account ([#1355](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1355))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bind the `system:kube-scheduler` ClusterRole to the `tidb-scheduler` service account ([#1355](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1355))
```

### TiKV Importer

- Fix the default `tikv-importer` configuration ([#1415](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1415))

### E2E

- Ensure pods unaffected when upgrading ([#955](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/955))

### CI

> - Put release CI script from jenkins into repo ([#1237](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1237))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move the release CI script from Jenkins into the tidb-operator repository ([#1237](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1237))
```

> - Adjust release CI script for `release-1.0` branch ([#1320](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1320))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adjust the release CI script for the `release-1.0` branch ([#1320](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1320))
```
